scrum.md, before:

# SCRUM

    What did you accomplish
    What are you going to accomplish
    What are your blockers

# Month, DD, YYYY

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

# October 5, 2020

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

        Refactored login/register/home
        Finished Starter 93 (A) Friends
        Started techcompanies
        Found bug in Friends for Status and Skills

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

        Fix bug on status/skills, get in Q for Friends Code Review

        Finish 1/4 to 1/2 of Tech Companies.

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

        Time - It just takes time

# October 3rd, 2020

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

        FINISHED clean version of A

        Started C93 (B) Friends

        Created and Tested services for .add .delete .get .search .getPageOfFriends

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

        Monday October 5, 2020

        // Do full test of my use of return a promise outside Axios calls -- not happy

        Finish C93 Starter (B) Friends and Begin C93 Starter (B) Jobs

        Get Code Review for A, B

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

        I'm on track, no blockers anticipated.  I'm learning how to keep focused, not get bogged down in a loop of unproductivity.

# October 2nd, 2020

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

        FELL SHORT of completing Starter cards (A) to my satisfaction.

        CREATED Login, Register, Home and Nav system for Starter Cards (A).
        Incorporated Sweet Alerts and Toastr, stubbed in examples for their use.
        Separated and stubbed out services for coming end points and future pages.

        FIXED SELF INDUCED BUGS
        (stumbled on some crazy self-induced bugs by starting entire project from scratch and not using sabio starter template)

        HACKED AWAY AT BOOTSTRAP and CSS for NAV and Forms.
        (spent too much time trying to make it look as bad as it currently does)

        COMPLETELY REFACTORED my custom Teams entities assignment, realized it wasn't necessary for this one,
        then refactored again, but lessons learned help build my growing services structure and drive home the
        idea of bubbling up catch cases within services.

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

        Finalize (A)  (MINIMAL TASKS REMAIN - mostly just validating what I already have.)

        Move on to (B) and get the Friends (peopleView) working.

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

        Failing to focus on the task at hand and working towards future tasks/optimization can be a show-stopper for me.

# October 1st, 2020

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

    Completed code review

        mapping/filtering (sports, presidents, cakes)
        people view (getPageOfPeople(pageIndex,pageSize))
        custom entities (teamsService)

    Begin work on C93 starter tasks board

    Watched the Intro Topics Video.
    Watched the Daily Stand Up video.
    Reviewed/Watched the mapping/filtering videos.

    Created new 'starter' project building from previous entities assignment.

    Started mandatory steps on my custom copy of the C93 Starter Board.
    (read wiki help api postman documentation, saved postman collection, etc)
    (made it up to Register, Login, Home Page in Section A)

    Separated/created services files for each proposed entities ahead.

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

I will finish the START (A) mandatory board and start work on (B)

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

Meticulous and Slow paced learning of new concepts - focusing on quality code.

#

#

# Month, DD, YYYY

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

#

Commit message:

prior to code review for login, register, home and friends.

scrum.md, after:

# SCRUM

    What did you accomplish
    What are you going to accomplish
    What are your blockers

# October 6, 2020

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

        Fixed bugs in friends for Status and Bio.

        Completed code review for friends....

        ...jobs

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

# October 5, 2020

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

        Going in to today, I was finished with login, register and home.
        Refactored login/register/home
        Finished Starter 93 (A) Friends.
        Started JOBS (reading through it)
        While revisiting/testing friends,I found bug in Friends for Status, skills,
        and multi-line view of the textarea field for Bio.

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

        Get in Q for Friends Code Review (consider implementing Skills)

        Finish 1/4 to 1/2 of Jobs.

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

        Time - It just takes time

# October 3rd, 2020

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

        FINISHED clean version of A

        Started C93 (B) Friends

        Created and Tested services for .add .delete .get .search .getPageOfFriends

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

        Monday October 5, 2020

        // Do full test of my use of return a promise outside Axios calls -- not happy

        Finish C93 Starter (B) Friends and Begin C93 Starter (B) Jobs

        Get Code Review for A, B

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

        I'm on track, no blockers anticipated.  I'm learning how to keep focused, not get bogged down in a loop of unproductivity.

# October 2nd, 2020

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

        FELL SHORT of completing Starter cards (A) to my satisfaction.

        CREATED Login, Register, Home and Nav system for Starter Cards (A).
        Incorporated Sweet Alerts and Toastr, stubbed in examples for their use.
        Separated and stubbed out services for coming end points and future pages.

        FIXED SELF INDUCED BUGS
        (stumbled on some crazy self-induced bugs by starting entire project from scratch and not using sabio starter template)

        HACKED AWAY AT BOOTSTRAP and CSS for NAV and Forms.
        (spent too much time trying to make it look as bad as it currently does)

        COMPLETELY REFACTORED my custom Teams entities assignment, realized it wasn't necessary for this one,
        then refactored again, but lessons learned help build my growing services structure and drive home the
        idea of bubbling up catch cases within services.

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

        Finalize (A)  (MINIMAL TASKS REMAIN - mostly just validating what I already have.)

        Move on to (B) and get the Friends (peopleView) working.

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

        Failing to focus on the task at hand and working towards future tasks/optimization can be a show-stopper for me.

# October 1st, 2020

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

    Completed code review

        mapping/filtering (sports, presidents, cakes)
        people view (getPageOfPeople(pageIndex,pageSize))
        custom entities (teamsService)

    Begin work on C93 starter tasks board

    Watched the Intro Topics Video.
    Watched the Daily Stand Up video.
    Reviewed/Watched the mapping/filtering videos.

    Created new 'starter' project building from previous entities assignment.

    Started mandatory steps on my custom copy of the C93 Starter Board.
    (read wiki help api postman documentation, saved postman collection, etc)
    (made it up to Register, Login, Home Page in Section A)

    Separated/created services files for each proposed entities ahead.

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

I will finish the START (A) mandatory board and start work on (B)

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

Meticulous and Slow paced learning of new concepts - focusing on quality code.

#

#

# Month, DD, YYYY

### ----- ACCOMPLISHED -----

### ----- WILL ACCOMPLISH -----

### ----- BLOCKERS -----

#
